https://codepen.io/krisdmonroe/pen/WNNdJYj?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML?
 I would say its a standard of writing your html so that all people can read it in any industry.

2. What is HTML used for? 
Used to create web pages.

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
Allows you to change the property and you put it on whatever you want to edit.

4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
For the main header of the page and you should only use it one time

5. Name two tags that have required attributes
img and class or attribute name

6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
header

7. What is an id? 
Allows you to specify the id name

8. What elements can I add an id to? 
one

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
Any number of times

10. What is a class?
 Allows you to define the variable and common to all objects of a certain kind

11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Any element

12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
Any number of times

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
href

14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
Used to specify alternate text.

15. How do I reference an id?
.(name of the id)

16. What is the difference between a section and a div
Section is a large section and a div divides things inside a section

17. What is CSS used for? 
Gives color and character to a webpage

18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
just call it in css so it bould be h2

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
id can identify one element class can identify many class. when you have more then one element use class and use id for a single element that will take a style.

20. How do we select classes in CSS?
use a period and then class name

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human

22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
Select children of an element useful when trying to be more precise.

23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
div .sidebar

24. What is a pseudo selector?
A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
Use the line-height property

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform

28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div {
	border-style:1px dotted black;
	
}

29. How do I select everything on the page? 
The *

30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* */

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
dir

32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
dir

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm -r command will remove your work

34. Why should I use version control? 
Allows you to track changes made to your code over time.

35. How often should I commit to github?
Whenever you make a change.

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin and then your first and last name

37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
Fork make a collaberator clone your repo creat a branch add tl as reviwer on pull request.